Adriana's mom had four kids: Marta, Anna, Justina...
Adriana
Annabell
Chloe
Cleopatra
A man pushed his car past a hotel, only to realize he was bankrupt. How did he figure this out? (He did not have his wallet on him, or in the car)
He was playing a board game
He was mugged as he pushed the car into the parking lot
His pockets were empty
There was a text alert
If there are 100000000 bricks on a plane, and one falls off, how many are left?
99999999
100000000
3749875
1
The dead bodies of Bob and Ann are lying on the floor. They are naked and wet. Their bodies have absolutely no cuts. The windows are open to the house they live in, and it is stormy. How did they die?
They aren't human
Struck by lightning
Poisoned
Drowned
Imagine you're in a dark room that is perfectly empty with nothing in it. There are no windows or doors. What is the easiest way to escape?
Stop imagining you are in that room
Die
Wait
Dig a hole in the ground with your bare hands
A woman is walking, then suddenly dies in the middle of the street. How?
She was hit with a brick
She was run over by a car
She was shot
She was poisoned
If you look you cannot see me. And if you see me you cannot see anything else. I can make anything you want happen, but later everything goes back to normal. What am I?
Imagination
Air
Nothing
Other
A man is going to a party. Along the way he meets a man with seven wives. Each of the wives as seven bags. Each of the bags have seven cats. Each of the cats has seven kittens. Each of the kittens has seven toys. How many people are going to the party?
1
0
16,807
9
What walks on four legs in the morning, two in the afternoon and three in the evening?
A human
A robot with special programming
A monkey who gets his leg cut off, grows them back, then loses them again
Someone demented
This has beautiful marble-white walls and beautiful gold. Many thieves, like yourself, want the gold. The thing has no doors or windows. However, it breaks easily to reveal the gold. It is a what?
Egg
Old palace
Museum attic
Ball





